Research Design

    The research question is stated without context. 

    The research question is outlined within a broad context. 

    The research question is described within a specific and appropriate context. 


    Methodological considerations associated with collecting data relevant to the research question are stated. 

    Methodological considerations associated with collecting relevant and sufficient data to answer the research question are described. 

    Methodological considerations associated with collecting relevant and sufficient data to answer the research question are explained. 


    The description of the methodology for collecting or selecting data lacks the detail to allow for the investigation to be reproduced. 

    The description of the methodology for collecting or selecting data allows for the investigation to be reproduced with few ambiguities or omissions. 

    The description of the methodology for collecting or selecting data allows for the investigation to be reproduced. 

Data Analysis

    The recording and processing of the data is communicated but is neither clear nor precise. 

    The communication of the recording and processing of the data is either clear or precise. 

    The communication of the recording and processing of the data is both clear and precise. 


    The recording and processing of data shows limited evidence of the consideration of uncertainties. 

    The recording and processing of data shows evidence of a consideration of uncertainties but with some significant omissions or inaccuracies. 

    The recording and processing of data shows evidence of an appropriate consideration of uncertainties. 


    Some processing of data relevant to addressing the research question is carried out but with major omissions, inaccuracies or inconsistencies 

    The processing of data relevant to addressing the research question is carried out but with some significant omissions, inaccuracies or inconsistencies. 

    The processing of data relevant to addressing the research question is carried out appropriately and accurately. 

Conclusion

    A conclusion is stated that is relevant to the research question but is not supported by the analysis presented. 

    A conclusion is described that is relevant to the research question but is not fully consistent with the analysis presented. 

    A conclusion is justified that is relevant to the research question and fully consistent with the analysis presented. 


    The conclusion makes superficial comparison to the accepted scientific context. 

    A conclusion is described that makes some relevant comparison to the accepted scientific context. 

    A conclusion is justified through relevant comparison to the accepted scientific context. 

Evaluation

    The report states generic methodological weaknesses or limitations. 

    The report describes specific methodological weaknesses or limitations. 

    The report explains the relative impact of specific methodological weaknesses or limitations. 


    Realistic improvements to the investigation are stated. 

    Realistic improvements to the investigation that are relevant to the identified weaknesses or limitations, are described. 

    Realistic improvements to the investigation, that are relevant to the identified weaknesses or limitations, are explained. 